[specs] Replacing Push API with Notify API (#676)
WalletConnect/walletconnect-docs: docs/specs/clients/notify/notify-authentication.md

# Notify Authentication

In this document we will describe the authentication payloads for different methods:

- Notify Subscription
- Notify Subscription Response
- Notify Message
- Notify Receipt
- Notify Update Response

All of the above authentication payloads will share the following claims:

- act - description of action intent. Must be equal to specific value defined in each payload
- iat - timestamp when jwt was issued
- exp - timestamp when jwt must expire
- ksu - key server for identity key verification

## Notify Subscription

Given that a dapp is proposing a notify subscription for a blockchain account that clients don't have to authenticate in advance, the wallet needs to prove account ownership in the Notify Subscription payload.

This is achieved using [Identity Keys](../../servers/keys/identity-keys) and did-jwt with the following claims:

- act - description of action intent. Must be equal to "notify_subscription"
- iss - did:key of an identity key. Enables to resolve attached blockchain account.
- aud - dapp's domain url

> - sub - blockchain account that notify subscription is associated with (did:pkh)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- sub - blockchain account that this notify subscription is associated with (did:pkh)
```

- scp - scope of notification types authorized by the user

Expiry should be calculated from the addition of the issuance date and the notify request TTL (2592000 seconds)

## Notify Subscription Response

> Once the Notify Server has successfully handled the incoming notify subscription request then it will acknowledge it by responding with a public key used for key agreement on the Notify topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the Notify Server has successfully handled the incoming notify subscription request, it will acknowledge it by responding with a public key used for key agreement on the Notify topic.
```

- act - description of action intent. Must be equal to "notify_subscription_response"

> - iss - did:key of an identity key. Enables to resolve which Notify server was used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- iss - did:key of an identity key. Allows for the resolution of which Notify server was used.
```

> - aud - did:key of an identity key. Enables to resolve attached blockchain account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- aud - did:key of an identity key. Allows for the resolution of the attached blockchain account.
```

- sub - did:key of the public key used for key agreement on the Notify topic 
- app - dapp's domain url

Expiry should be calculated from the addition of the issuance date and the notify request TTL (86400 seconds)

## Notify Message

For each Notify message sent, the Dapp will have an authenticated payload signed by the chosen Notify Server which will have associated an authentication key for each Dapp domain.

> This is achieved using [Dapp Authentication](./dapp-authentication.md) keys which are exposed by the Case Server but hosted on the Dapp's domain.

Reviewer: Naming should be Notify Server now I believe

```suggestion
This is achieved using [Dapp Authentication](./dapp-authentication.md) keys which are exposed by the Notify Server but hosted on the Dapp's domain.
```

- app - dapp's domain url
- msg - message object including the following parameters:
    - title - short message used in the title of the notification
    - body - long messages ued in the body of the notification
    - icon - image url used to display with the notification
    - url -  redirect url for call-to-action related to notification
    - type - notification type which matches the scope of notify subscription

Expiry should be calculated from the addition of the issuance date and the notify request TTL (86400 seconds)

## Notify Receipt

For each Notify message received, the Wallet will acknowledge its receipt with an authenticated payload that verifies that an authorized identity key received it.

- act - description of action intent. Must be equal to "notify_receipt"
- iss - did:key of an identity key. Enables to resolve attached blockchain account.
- aud - did:key of an identity key. Enables to resolve which Notify server was used.
- sub - hash of the stringified notify message object received
- app - dapp's domain url

Expiry should be calculated from the addition of the issuance date and the notify request TTL (86400 seconds)

> ## Notify Update Response

Reviewer: I think we're missing the `## Notify Update` section here since there's only `Notify Update Response`?

Author: Technically the Notify Update is the same as Notify Subscription

Author: Added `notify_update` which is the same as subscription with different `act`

This is achieved using [Dapp Authentication](./dapp-authentication.md) keys which are exposed by the Notify Server but hosted on the Dapp's domain.

The message payload is a did-jwt with the following claims:

- act - description of action intent. Must be equal to "notify_message"
- iss - did:key of an identity key. Enables to resolve associated Dapp domain used.
- aud - blockchain account that notify subscription is associated with (did:pkh)
- sub - hash of the matching subscription payload
- app - dapp's domain url
- msg - message object including the following parameters:
    - title - short message used in the title of the notification
    - body - long messages ued in the body of the notification
    - icon - image url used to display with the notification
    - url -  redirect url for call-to-action related to notification
    - type - notification type which matches the scope of notify subscription

Expiry should be calculated from the addition of the issuance date and the notify request TTL (86400 seconds)

> ## Notify Receipt

Reviewer 2: I think we are missing rpc method for this in `notify/rpc-methods.md`
